.TH XBCOMINI 1
.SH NAME
xbcomini \- set communication baud rate for Tucker Davis XBUS devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xbcomini 
[
.I ioport
]
[
.I baudrate
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I xbcomini 
initializes the communications baud rate and protocol
of both the Tucker Davis XBUS devices and the port on your computer 
through which you will communicate with the XBUS.  

.I xbcomini 
must be run each time you turn on your computer.

Perform the following steps, in order, to successfully use 
.I xbcomini:
.TP
.B 1.
Push the "ID" button on each XB1 rack for three seconds until the amber
ACTIVITY LED stops blinking and remains lit.
.TP
.B 2.
Run
.I xbcomini.  
The ACTIVITY LED on each XB1 rack will go off, and all 
devices will be reset to the specified baud rate.

.SH OPTIONS
.I ioport
.RS
This is the port through which your computer 
communicates with the XBUS,  and must be one of "com1", "com2", com3", "com4",
"apa" or "apb".

"com1" through "com4" refer to the physical ports COM1 through COM4.  Use "apa" if you
have an AP2 Array Processor board installed with jumper JP1 set to 
option A (board uses ports 220-238H), and "apb" if JP1 was set to 
option B (board uses ports 240-250H).

If this parameter is not supplied, 
.I xbcomini 
reads the environment variable XBCOM, if set
to determine how to communicate with the XBUS.

.RE

.I baudrate
.RS
If this parameter is not supplied, 
.I xbcomini 
will initialize the baud rate to 38400 baud, and the protocol to 
1 start bit, 8 data bits, 1 stop bit.  

If the 
.I baudrate
parameter is supplied, it must be one of 1200, 2400, 4800, 9600, 19200
or 38400.
.RE
.SH FILES
None.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.B XBCOM
.RS
This can be set to the communcation channel to use to communicate with 
the XBUS. It must be one of "com1", "com2", com3", "com4",
"apa" or "apb".
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
None.
.SH BUGS
None. (Yeah, sure.)
.SH AUTHOR
Tucker Davis Technologies, Inc.  <quikki@tdt-quikki.com> 
Adapted to Linux by Chris Malek <cmalek@etho.caltech.edu>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR xbsysid (1),
.BR xbidchck (1),
.BR apld (1),


