.TH XBIDCHCK 1
.SH NAME
xbidchck \- detect and display Tucker Davis XBUS devices
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xbidchck 
.I ioport
[
.B v
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.I xbidchck
shows a diagram of detected XBUS racks, complete with devices.

Each row of text in the diagram displays an XB1 rack number, with
four columns corresponding to the four positions in an XB1 rack.
Non-programmable devices, as well as those racks without programmable
devices, will not be shown in this diagram.

.I xbidchck
does a search of each XB1 rack in your system, looking for programmable
devices, such as PA4 Programmable Attenuators, or SD1 Spike Discriminators.
The starts with the rack with the lowest ID number (see 
.BR xbsysid (1)
), and proceeds through the racks with increasing ID numbers until 
one with no programmable devices is encountered.
.PP
Before you can use 
.I xbidchck,
you must set the communications baud rate with 
.BR xbcomini (1),
and the rack ID's with 
.B xbsysid.
.SH OPTIONS
.I ioport
.RS
This parameter is required. It is the port through which your computer 
communicates with the XBUS, and must be one of "com1", "com2", com3", "com4",
"apa" or "apb".

"com1" through "com4" refer to the physical ports COM1 through COM4.  Use "apa" if you
have an AP2 Array Processor board installed with jumper JP1 set to 
option A (board uses ports 220-238H), and "apb" if JP1 was set to 
option B (board uses ports 240-250H).
.RE
.I v
.RS
Give microcode version information for each device.
.RE

.SH FILES
None.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
None.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
None.
.SH BUGS
Should be made to detect which port to use via the environment
variable XBCOM, like the other utilities.
.SH AUTHOR
Tucker Davis Technologies, Inc.  <quikki@tdt-quikki.com> 
Adapted to Linux by Chris Malek <cmalek@etho.caltech.edu>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR xbsysid (1),
.BR xbcomini (1),
.BR apld (1),


