.TH XBSYSID 1
.SH NAME
xbsysid \- assign ID numbers to Tucker Davis XB1 racks
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B xbsysid 
.B com1
\||\|
.B com2
\||\|
.B com3
\||\|
.B com4
\||\|
.B apa
\||\|
.B apb
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Before you can access a device in one of the XB1 racks in your system, it
must be given a unique XBUS location number; this is an number that 
software will use to identify that device.  
.I xbsysid 
performs the assignment of these unique IDs to each device in your system.
.PP
Before running 
.I xbysid,
you must run 
.BR xbcomini (1) 
to set the communications baud rate for the system XBUS.  If you are using
an AP2 Array Processor board, you should run 
.BR apld (1) 
before
.B xbcomini.
.PP
ID the racks with the greatest number of programmable devices (for example,
TG6 Timing Generators, PA4 programmable Attenuators, SD1 spike discriminators)
first, and racks with fewer or no programmable devices (such as MA2 Mic
Amplifiers or HB6 Headphone Buffers) later or last.
.PP
The required argument to 
.I xbsysid
is the port through which to communicate with the XBUS. "com1" through
"com4" refer to the physical ports COM1 through COM4.  Use "apa" if you
have an AP2 Array Processor board installed with jumper JP1 set to 
option A (board uses ports 220-238H), and "apb" if JP1 was set to 
option B (board uses ports 240-250H).
.SH OPTIONS
None.
.SH FILES
None.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
None.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
None.
.SH BUGS
Should be made to detect which port to use via the environment
variable XBCOM, like the other utilities.
.SH AUTHOR
Tucker Davis Technologies, Inc.  <quikki@tdt-quikki.com> 
Adapted to Linux by Chris Malek <cmalek@etho.caltech.edu>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR xbcomini (1),
.BR xbidchck (1),
.BR apld (1),


